## AT Socket.io connection: 
List of channels are loaded, with corresponding hyperlink.
User automatically joins the general channel.
Configure 'create channel' form
Configure 'chat form'


['NOTES']: 

Need to ensure that the 'this' variale is being correctly passed in as the data attribute.


when user is connected, she is automatically connected to the general channel. Instead the user should only be connected to the general channel if she has not previously joined a channel.
Make load_messages and load_channels into one template.
there shouldnt e an issue with passinging in python object to javascript.
We need a way to display the current channel of the user at two timepoints: 
    when thes user first loads the page 
    when user joins a new channel.


For next time:
figure out why terminal continues to say object of Channel isn't serializable. 





## WHEN USER creates a new channel:
User adds channel name to the form.
THe name of the channel is emitted to the websocket 
the new channel is added to the channel list.
the websocket returns an updated list/array of all the channels

## WHEN USER joins a new channel:
User clicks on the link of the channel 
Javascript sends the name of the channel that was clicked to websocket by acessing data attribute
form is cleared
javascript sends websocket the naem of the user, current channel and previous channel by emitting to 'join'
Python leaves previous channel and joins curent channel
python sends back a list of all the messages in that current channel as a JSON object
Javscript iterates over list of messages.


## WHEN USER sends message to a channel.
the user's message, along with his usenrame ahnd channel is emitted ot the message websocket
websocket adds message to the list of channel mesages
webscket emits back the mesage user snet as 'send message' event'
JS takes that message and adds it to the message HTML.
